tests/testthat/_snaps/line_coverage.md, before:

# compose_line_coverage_details with df

    Code
      compose_line_coverage_details(line_cov)
    Output
      ### Coverage for added lines
      
      |File name | Lines added| Lines tested| Coverage|Missing |
      |:---------|-----------:|------------:|--------:|:-------|
      |R/foo.R   |           5|            2|      40%|1-3     |
      |R/bar.R   |           4|            4|     100%|        |
      |R/baz.R   |          10|            6|      60%|2-4, 6  |
      |Total     |          19|           12|   63.16%|        |

# compose_line_coverage_summary works

    Code
      compose_line_coverage_summary(NULL)
    Output
      [1] ":heavy_equals_sign: Diff coverage: No new lines in tracked files."

---

    Code
      compose_line_coverage_summary(line_cov)
    Output
      :x:  Diff coverage is `63.16%` (`12` out of `19` added lines are covered by tests). It's good practice to aim for at least `80%` (the base branch test coverage).

---

    Code
      compose_line_coverage_summary(line_cov, target = 40)
    Output
      :white_check_mark:  Diff coverage is `63.16%` (`12` out of `19` added lines are covered by tests).

Commit message:

track if it's a target set by us or not

tests/testthat/_snaps/line_coverage.md, after:

# compose_line_coverage_details with df

    Code
      compose_line_coverage_details(line_cov)
    Output
      ### Coverage for added lines
      
      |File name | Lines added| Lines tested| Coverage|Missing |
      |:---------|-----------:|------------:|--------:|:-------|
      |R/foo.R   |           5|            2|      40%|1-3     |
      |R/bar.R   |           4|            4|     100%|        |
      |R/baz.R   |          10|            6|      60%|2-4, 6  |
      |Total     |          19|           12|   63.16%|        |

# compose_line_coverage_summary works

    Code
      compose_line_coverage_summary(NULL)
    Output
      [1] ":heavy_equals_sign: Diff coverage: No new lines in tracked files."

---

    Code
      compose_line_coverage_summary(line_cov)
    Output
      :x:  Diff coverage is `63.16%` (`12` out of `19` added lines are covered by tests). The minimum accepted coverage is `80%`.

---

    Code
      compose_line_coverage_summary(line_cov, target = 40)
    Output
      :white_check_mark:  Diff coverage is `63.16%` (`12` out of `19` added lines are covered by tests). 

---

    Code
      compose_line_coverage_summary(line_cov, our_target = TRUE)
    Output
      :x:  Diff coverage is `63.16%` (`12` out of `19` added lines are covered by tests). It's good practice to aim for at least `80%` (the base branch test coverage).
